Request OTP Page:

*When click Forgot password link the page should redirect to "Request OTP page".
1. Check the given message content is fully without any spelling mistake. 
2. Check whether the screen is responsive when we resize it.
3. Enter the registered email id and click send OTP button
4. Enter the registered email with wrong spelling and click OTP button.
5. Give another user mail ID with same domain and click OTP button.


Log-In Page:

1. When the user click the given link in the mail it should redirect to the Login Page
2. Check all the required fields are in it's right place
3. Check whether the screen is responsive when we resize it.
4. Enter the registered mail id mentioned in the mail and given OTP and click Login button.
5. Enter the registered mail id mentioned in the mail and directly click the Login BUtton.
6. Enter the registered email with wrong spelling and give the given OTP and click Login button.
7. Enter the registered mail id mentioned in the mail and give wrong OTP and click Login button.
8.Enter the unknown mail id and directly click the Login BUtton. 
9. Enter the unknown mail id and given OTP and click Login button.
10. Click the Forgot password link.
11. Enter the registered mail id mentioned in the mail and given OTP 2nd time in the Login Page and click Login button.

Create New Password Page:

1. Check all the required fields are in it's right place
2. Check whether the screen is responsive when we resize it.
3. Enter the new password as mentioned the info message and repeat the same and click Save Password button.
4. Enter the new password as your own and repeat the same and click Save Password button.
5. Enter given OTP as password and repeat the same and click Save Password button.
6. Enter new password and leave repeat password field blank and click the button.
7. Enter new password and give another new password in next column and click the button.

User Profile Page:

1. Check all the required fields are in it's right place
2. Check whether the screen is responsive when we resize it.
3. Check the respective User Info is correct in all the fields.
4. Enter the new password as mentioned the info message and repeat the same and click change Password button.
5. Enter the new password as your own and repeat the same and click change Password button.
6. Enter given OTP as password and repeat the same and click change Password button.
7. Enter new password and leave repeat password field blank and click the button.
8. Enter new password and give another new password in next column and click the button.